FR/EN Update iam-policies-api Improvements on the usage of wildcards in policies (#5666)
ovh/docs: pages/account_and_service_management/account_information/iam-policies-api/guide.en-gb.md

|**VPS Example**|urn|:|v1|:|ca|:|resource|:|vps|:|vps-5b48d78b.vps.ovh.net|
|**Resource Group Example**|urn|:|v1|:|us|:|resourceGroup|||:|aa0713ab-ed13-4f1a-89a5-32aa0cb936d8|

> The URN can use a `*` wildcard at the beginning or at the end of it. This allows to refer to multiple resources, identities or actions in a single line.

Reviewer: at the end only.

This policy is not for an account but for a user, so the identity URN corresponds to the format "*urn:v1:eu:identity:**user**:**account-id**/**username***".

```json
{
    "description": "VPS - all except delete snapshot",
    "identities": [
        "urn:v1:eu:identity:user:xx1111-ovh/user2"
    ],
    "name": "vps-all-but-delete-snapshot",
    "permissions": {
        "allow": [
            {
                "action": "vps:apiovh:*"
            }
        ],
        "except": [
            {
                "action": "vps:apiovh:snapshot/delete"
            }
        ]
    },
    "resources": [
        {
            "urn": "urn:v1:eu:resource:vps:vps-5b48d78b.vps.ovh.net"
        }
    ]
}
```

> This policy uses a wildcard with an except. This allows to easily give a large set of permissions. Here the user `user2` will have all permissions of the **vps** type on `vps-5b48d78b.vps.ovh.net` except for the permission to delete a snapshot.

Reviewer: What about using this example to demonstrate wildcard in both actions & resources ?

```suggestion
This policy uses a wildcard  on allowed actions and exclude a few with an except statement. This helps giving a large set of permissions quickly. In this example user `xx1111-ovh/user2` will have every permissions of the **vps** type on  every  VPS of xx1111-ovh, except for the permission to delete a snapshot.
```

If we were to use a vps id, let's obfuscate the vps. Something à la urn:v1:eu:resource:vps:vps-1a2b3c4e.vps.ovh.net
